# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in --output-file requirements.txt
accelerate==1.0.0
    # via peft
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.2
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   vegafusion
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.39.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.6.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via cohere
bm25s==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cohere==4.57
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   semantic-router
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
colorlog==6.8.2
    # via
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
colpali-engine==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==2.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
einops==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastavro==1.9.7
    # via cohere
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.3.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gputil==1.4.0
    # via colpali-engine
grpcio==1.66.1
    # via
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   qdrant-client
grpcio-tools==1.62.3
    # via qdrant-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.1.0
    # via httpx
hf-transfer==0.1.8
    # via huggingface-hub
hpack==4.0.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
    #   qdrant-client
huggingface-hub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via cohere
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   torch
jiter==0.5.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   semantic-router
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
narwhals==1.9.3
    # via altair
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   bm25s
    #   colpali-engine
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   pyarrow
    #   qdrant-client
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
openai==1.48.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   semantic-router
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   peft
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   seaborn
    #   vegafusion
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
peft==0.11.1
    # via colpali-engine
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   colpali-engine
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   sentence-transformers
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via qdrant-client
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   vegafusion
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   vegafusion
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   vegafusion
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
    #   qdrant-client
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pymupdf==1.24.13
    # via pymupdf4llm
pymupdf4llm==0.0.17
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
pystemmer==2.2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   peft
    #   semantic-router
    #   transformers
qdrant-client==1.11.3
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   colpali-engine
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-mock
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
rich==13.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich-theme-manager
rich-theme-manager==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   bm25s
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
semantic-chunkers==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
semantic-router==0.0.37
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   semantic-chunkers
sentence-transformers==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
setuptools==75.1.0
    # via grpcio-tools
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
stamina==24.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.13.3
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via stamina
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.6.0
    # via
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
tokenizers==0.20.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.4.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   colpali-engine
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.45.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   colpali-engine
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anthropic
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
vegafusion==1.6.9
    # via -r requirements.in
vegafusion-python-embed==1.6.9
    # via -r requirements.in
vl-convert-python==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.13.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-metadata
